Alright. so now we 're going to install Ollama inside
the macOS sandbox within UTM. which is this ...
...
operating system 's secure environment. and then use
Ollama to install ...
OpenClaw. or "Little Lobster." It 's very simple. We
just need to go to Ollama dot com.
Click download. and download for your specific
operating system. Since our virtual machine here is ...
...
macOS. we 'll just download that one.
Install it after download
Let ’ s open up our Ollama application together. If you
’ re new to Ollama. don ’ t worry—it ’ s really easy to
get started. All you have to do is look for the Ollama
icon on your computer. either on your desktop or in
your applications folder. Once you find it. just
double-click to open it up. There ’ s nothing
complicated about it—no tricky setup or confusing steps.
The interface is clean and straightforward. so you ’ ll
know exactly what to do next. Whether you ’ ve used
similar apps before or this is your first time. Ollama
is designed to be simple and user-friendly for everyone.
So. let ’ s get started and see just how easy it is to
use Ollama from the very beginning.
As for the content. well. actually. you can already
start chatting.
Now. if there 's a new model. a local model to download.
it 'll go straight to Ollama 's cloud to help you
download that local model.
So all of its responses now are running entirely
locally on this machine.
Next. we 're going to install and use OpenCloud within
the Ollama environment.
Because OpenCloud needs this AI token service. The
method is also very simple.
You just need to go to the terminal.
Type in Ollama. and you 'll see ...
...
that you have an OpenCloud option available for you to
install. When you run it for the very first time ...
...
you 'll quickly discover that there 's an issue.
prompting you to install something else before you can
continue.
...
node dot j s.
So. let 's go download node dot j s.
We 're on a r m sixty-four. which is Apple Silicon. so
we 'll download this version. If you 're on an older
Mac. you might need to choose x sixty-four. Once it 's
downloaded ...
...
just like before. click to proceed with the
installation.
Okay. so the installation is now complete. Now. let 's
just go back to our terminal window and just run it one
more time.
I 'll press control C to exit the current state.
Ideally. though. you might want to close your terminal
and reopen it.
Type Ollama again. This time. we 'll install OpenClaw.
Now. the relevant commands should appear correctly. Let
's click Install.
Next. a window will pop up. and please note that it
will be asking you to ...
...
install some command line tools on your Mac. Just click
install.
This will also take a little bit of time.
Basically. we need these tools to install things more
easily on a Mac.
Whether you are working with Ollama. which is a
powerful tool for running language models locally. or
using Node dot J S. a popular JavaScript runtime
environment. or if you are focusing on our main topic
today. which is Open Cloud. the process is quite
similar. Now. as you can see. the installation has
completed successfully. and everything is set up and
ready to go.
And as a good habit. let 's close it. just to be sure.
and then reopen it.
Now. let 's try installing OpenClaw again.
As you can see here. there 's actually a system
administrator permission issue that we 're encountering
in this situation. We can definitely address and
resolve this right now. Since we 're currently working
inside a virtual machine environment. it 's very likely
that the system is not using the correct user account
or profile. Alright. just so you know. I 've actually
already solved this particular problem beforehand. so
we do n't need to worry about it anymore.
I even wrote an article about it. It mentions the
potential permission issues. Let 's ...
...
apply a fix. We 'll enter these two lines of commands.
Alright. next. what we 're going to do is just try it
one more time. okay? Let 's give it another shot and
see how it goes.
As you can clearly see. it has installed successfully
this time. indeed. without any issues at all.
No permission.
At this point. our OpenClaw has been successfully
installed. Next. the Ollama interface. which is in the
terminal.
will show you several models to choose from. Regarding
the cloud ones.
that means they 're provided for free on the Ollama
platform. There are three models in total. all very smart.
One is MiniMax. one is GLM five. and one is Kimi K two
point five. These three are all models made in China.
Of course. there might be some ideological issues. They
've subsidized Ollama to provide these for free.
Now. let 's first try using our local model to talk to
our little lobster.
Now. here you might see that some models might not
support tools.
That means this local model ca n't communicate with the
little lobster. In the future. we 'll provide a list here.
I 'm telling you which local models are currently
supported and which ones are not supported at this time.
Now. let 's go ahead and press control C on your
keyboard to exit the program.
When we run OpenClaw again. it 's already bound to that
model we could n't use just now.
It 's very simple; just press the right arrow key on
your keyboard to choose again. Obviously. for supported models.
there are two local ones without cloud. GLM four point
seven can be installed on your computer.
The Qwen three eight B version is also an option. Since
this one is a bit smaller.
let 's try installing it.
Okay. it 's almost finished downloading.
Ollama. which is a tool we are using. will help our
OpenClaw. the little lobster robot. by making sure it
gets paired up with the model we just downloaded. This
means Ollama will connect OpenClaw to the new model.
allowing our small lobster robot to use all the
features and abilities that come with it.
It 's possible our previous pairing had an issue. Let
's exit and try it one more time.
It 's actually paired up with our Qwen three. as you
can see. right here in this setup.
eight B model now. Let 's exit everything and try again.
Honestly. it really just seems like it still wo n't
bind.
Maybe my computer 's default is too small. Let 's try
binding a cloud model instead.
It really seems like it just ca n't manage to forget
about this particular one at all. no matter what.
This is the Gemma three one B version. which is the
model we 're currently using. Let 's try switching the
model right here to see how it works. To do that. type
slash model. When you do this. you 'll see a list of
available models appear on the screen. Wow. that 's
quite a lot of options to choose from. If you want to
stop or go back. you can simply exit out of the menu.
Let 's exit out for now.
Let 's let it run for a bit. It 's still three.
Oh. Gemma three one B. Okay. let 's exit. It might be
the Ollama we have running right now.
Let 's just close it. or maybe we should try restarting
the whole system.